ENH Deprecated the default random_state=0 in randomized_svd (#19670)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.0.rst

  for non-English characters. :pr:`18959` by :user:`Zero <Zeroto521>`
  and :user:`wstates <wstates>`.

> :mod:`sklearn.utils`
> .................................

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:mod:`sklearn.utils`
....................
```

> - |Enhancement| Changed the default value of the random_state in 
>   :func:`randomized_svd` of 
>   :class:`~sklearn.utils.extmath`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |Enhancement| Deprecated the default value of the `random_state=0` in 
  :func:`~sklearn.utils.extmath.randomized_svd`. Starting in 1.2,
  the default value of `random_state` will be set to `None`.
```
